## OBJECT RECOGNITION TASK

Object recognition could be really effective when it comes to tourism and travel as it makes it more intellectual, it would be very easy to point your device at an animal or artifact and read more about it. Therefore this does not have many risks, however people without access to a device wont be able to see more information which could end up limiting the amount of tourists. 

When it comes to recognition in gaming and entertainement the main purpose would be for in-game character customisation which could be used to create more accurate representations of the user. Users characteristics such as their age, body shape, colour and style would be some of the main parts which could be recreated in game. In addition, facial recognition could also gather facial measurements which would make it easier to order clothing or accessories online with more accuracy. However this is still quite limited as it cannot recognise peoples personalities, not only that but there is also a risk of more identity fraud within games and social sites.

School entrances using facial recognition may sound like a smart easy system as it can make entry into schools faster and safer. However it also has its limitations, for example complications with pupils not feeling safe with their photos on the system, or people with special needs who might run into problems with the system. Yet with a simple recognition students dont have to worry about loosing their keycard or forgetting their password which makes it faster to learn wasting less time.

Facial recognition in travel and tourism industries could really benefit the speed of transport as it would take less time to confirm details on flights or train tickets. Not only that, but it may open up a larger range of customisation when at a store or when paying for accommodation. This would therefore reduce the need for human assistance. Although, less employment would affect those currently employed and many elderly or people with special needs could find it hard to use and may require human assistance. A risk of using recognition here, is when changing facial features, which may affect the program leading to misleading information. There is also a risk of people attempting to trick the program.

Medicine and healthcare could really take advantage of recognition softwares as it can help determine whether a patient is infected with greater speed opposed to the mutiple tests a doctor would have to do. A faster system in hospitals would make more room for more patients resulting in a more rapid system, therefore also less delays. Yet there are also risks with this such as if the there is more than one virus detected it may result in misleading unreliable information. One of its disadvantages, could occur if there is a virus/bacteria the program doesnt know, therefore coming back with incorrect information.

## IDENTIFYING A PALINDROME

The simplest way identify a palindrom would be to split the word up into individual letters, reverse it and then join it back together. If the first word matches the second then it is a palindrome. Therefore the word RACECAR would becom R A C E C A R, then reversed, joint back and also be RACECAR thefore confriming with 'true' (or yes) message. However with the word DEFIED, when reversed, comes back as DEIFED which does not match the first word therefore displaying 'false' (or no). The algorithm would be made of a palindrome function made into a variable and reversed back into a string, later checking if it the original is eaqual to the reversed joint one.
